When we bring the whole chicken home, we cut the fat out and leave it for the dog food manufacturers. In the other words, we put it in the garbage can. Then, we cut the meat off the bones to make sure the bones will fit in the grinder. Raw chicken bones are very beneficial for dogs but need to be processed in the grinder. Never feed your dog with cooked bones of any kind. In addition to raw meat, we add cooked rice, cooked potatoes, cooked pasta, and cooked beef livers and hearts. We make 1 lb packages of raw meat over the weekend and put it in freezer, so we have it ready during the week.

The advice that we got from the vet was not good. She didn't have the knowledge that we have now. Beans are not healthy for humans so they are not healthy or are even poisonous for dogs and fish has too much mercury. It is much safer to use purified fish oil where mercury is removed.

a) He wants you to purchase a commercial dog food from his office because they get feedback from the manufacturers. It's all about the money.
b) Many vets are just like you. They trust these companies. They believe all the TV commercial bull and they feed their own dogs commercial garbage as well.

Before I discovered the truth about commercial dog food, I fed my dogs kibble as well. I tried many brands: Canidae, Innova, Pinnacle, Origin, EVO and many other premium expensive dog food. It worked for a month or two, but then it all ends up the same...huge, smelly, muddy diarrhea all over. When I started to feed raw meat, I didn't have a single case of diarrhea ever. I saved 100s of dollars for Metronidazole (pills to stop diarrhea) but mainly, I have healthier dogs. The poops don't have that bad smell, actaully it smells like mushrooms in the forest. Not bad. Humans and dogs live on enzymes and there are NO enzymes in commercial dog food. Ohhh..... they just realized that and recently started putting some chemical enzymes in there but it's nothing compared to the enzymes that you can find in raw meat and minerals in raw bones.

It is simple. You should feed your dogs the same food that you would eat, only in raw form (just don't feed spicy, salty and sweet food). Everything that is made for dogs is made out of garbage. Avoid any products and any vitamins made for dogs, use the same vitamins that you would eat.

Kirkland Premium Performance Multi from Costco would be the best for your dog. 300 tablets for about $13 dollars and you know that you give your dog the best. For smaller dogs you should cut the tablet in half, or give 1/3 of a tablet per day.

Now, what to do if you travel with your dog and you need to eat the fast food garbage? Sometimes we all need to do that. Well, you should stop in a grocery store and purchase a sliced ham, mayonnaise, and bread to make a sandwich or purchase grilled chicken (most grocery stores have it) and for your dog purchase raw chicken breasts.

However, if you don't have time and need to go to a drive-through to get your sandwich and you need food for your dog fast...then, there are only two companies that are selling human-grade dry dog food: 
<a href="https://www.thehonestkitchen.com/" target="_blank" class="view-links-1">Honest Kitchen</a> 
and 
<a href="https://www.canisource.com/accueil.php" target="_blank" class="view-links-1">CaniSource</a>
. CaniSource dry dog food is so good that you can eat it as well. I am sure that there will be more companies who will be producing quality human-grade dry dog food in the future. However, if you are on the road and purchase a cheeseburger for yourself, you can purchase 4-5 cheeseburgers for your dog, it will still be better and healthier for your dog than any commercial dog food.