This page is not a forum; however, if you will have an interesting comment, I will post it here for everyone to see. If there will be more positive than negative comments, we might open this page up as a chat room. Let's be journalists for a while.

CAUTION
There is a New Danger in the Arizona Desert !!!

It's not a Rattle snake, it's not a Scorpion and it's not any type of poisonous lizard!

WHAT IS IT?

IT'S RRRRRRRR......RAMBO!!!!!

Well, you can only meet Rambo if you accidentally get on my property. He sleeps most of the day, but when he hears or smells something suspicious, he is alert. When I used to go for a walk with my dogs to the desert trails, I was always carrying a gun.
Not anymore!
Carrying a gun on my belt is heavy, but now I have Rambo. He is extremely muscular, strong, fearless and fast. All I have to do is unleash Rambo
and the bullet is released, faster than my 45, a lot more dangerous and deadlier.
Now I have to teach Rambo to release, or let go, and come back to me. After all his training will be done, Rambo will eventually be available for sale.
New updates on Rambo are coming soon......

Topics:
1. Why is Presa and Dogo not the same breed?
2. Never use physical punishment on an adult male Presa
3. Pitbull ban (Dangerous breed ban)
4. San Francisco Incident
5. Florida Incident

Why is Presa and Dogo not the same breed?

It's simple. If two dogs have different standards, they are two different dogs, period. In the beginning there was a Perro de Presa Canario. However, in 2001 there was a group of people who created a new breed which they named Dogo Canario. Dogo was created based on the Presa Canario blood lines. Those Dogo breeders went different directions than Presa breeders. They bred Presa with Mastiffs, Dobermans and Great Danes, to achieve the look they like, so you can see these large Dogos with a longer muzzle. Real Presas are supposed to have a shorter muzzle, large block-shaped head (like Hercules or Phantom) and according to the old standards, males shouldn't be larger than 120 lbs. The oldest breeder of the real Presa Canario is Irema Curto kennel based in Tenerife, Canary Islands. If you take a close look at Curto's Presa and at the other breeders Dogos, you will see the difference in appearance and also in temperament.

TO BE CONTINUED

Disclaimer: On this page, my goal is to express my opinion on some important topics. Please don't get offended if you don't agree with me. This is just my personal opinion based on my experience. However, you might also find some useful information about what I've learned and discovered over the course of 30 years while working with dogs.
